h1. rah_status_dropdown

p. Rah_status_dropdown is a visual admin-side extension for "Textpattern CMS":http://www.textpattern.com. The plugin changes _Write_ panel's _status_ radio buttons to a select field. Changing the list of statuses to a dropdown will save some space, and hides the extra article statuses that might have no real use to a content author.

h2. Requirements

p. Rah_status_dropdown's minimum requirements:

* Textpattern v4.2.0 or newer.

h2. Installing

p. Rah_status_dropdown's installation follows the standard plugin installation steps.

# Download the plugin installation code.
# Copy and paste the installation code into the _Install plugin_ box of your Textpattern Plugin pane.
# Run the automated setup.
# After the setup is done, activate the plugin. Done.

p. The plugin is now in use and the article status show up as a select field.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.6 - upcoming

* Changed plugin type to 4, which allows the plugin to load correctly on Textpattern v4.5.0.
* Dropped support for Textpattern v4.4.1 and older.
* Is now fully compatible with Textpattern v4.5.0 release version.

h3. Version 0.5 - 2012/07/30

* Added: The select field is now wrapped in a paragraph.
* Changed: Client-side dependency. Uses the pluggable_ui and server-side PHP instead of JavaScript.
* Is now compatible with Textpattern v4.5.0 (r3650 and newer).

h3. Version 0.4 - 2011/08/06

* Now the plugin doesn't use PHP tie-in, and the all the action is powered by JavaScript.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2011/06/29

* Fixed: Don't spit out JavaScript when the browser's JavaScript support is disabled.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2010/08/08

* Moved the JavaScript to @<head>@.
* Now gets the active status with plain JavaScript, not with PHP from the saved article.
* Because of the above change, the code is now shorter and less intensive.
* Now requires Textpattern version 4.0.7 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2008/08/31

* Initial release.